enh(pp): adding the instruction to install perl dependancy (MON-7111) (#669)
centreon/centreon-documentation: en/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/cloud-azure-compute-virtualmachine.md

The login and access token handling will be made by the plugin itself.

> > Using a proxy? Add this non-mandatory dependancy to your central server / all the pollers that will perform discovery using a proxy. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You are using a proxy? Add this non-mandatory dependency to your central server and all the pollers that will perform discovery using a proxy. 
```

> > You are using a proxy? Add this non-mandatory dependency to your central server and all the pollers that will perform discovery using a proxy. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> You are using a proxy? Add this optional dependency to your central server and all the pollers that will perform discovery using a proxy. 
```
